# nosql-challenge

## Table of Contents

- [Instructions](#instructions)
- [Contents of the Repository](#repository_contents)
- [Questions and Answers](#questions)
- [Givens](#givens)


## Instructions
This new assignment consists of two technical products. You will submit the following deliverables:<br />  
    Deliverable 1: A Jupyter notebook containing code that imports the data and sets up and updates the uk_food database.<br /> 
    Deliverable 2: A Jupyter notebook containing code that performs the exploratory analysis queries in the database.<br />
The UK Food Standards Agency evaluates various establishments across the United Kingdom, and gives them a food hygiene rating. You've been contracted by the editors of a food magazine, Eat Safe, Love, to evaluate some of the ratings data in order to help their journalists and food critics decide where to focus future articles.

## Repository_Contents
There are 2 coding deliverables. The first is NoSQL_setup_starter.ipynb which contains the startup and formatting of the database into a workable format. The second is NoSQL_analysis_starter.ipynb which analyzes the database created and answers the given questions.<br />

## Questions
All questions are answered in the second coding deliverable: NoSQL_analysis_starter.ipynb

## Givens
Most of my process was very straight forward. I completed all of the working testing along the way.<br />
All code was generated by myself.<br />
    
Data for this dataset and instructions were generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.
